All righty, so let's go ahead
and take a quick tour of the existing code
that we have out there.
We got a high level discussion, but let's go ahead
and look at the actual code on our file system.
In your IDE, let's go ahead and open up our Maven project.
I'll move to our directory spring-boot-unit-testing-main.
I'll move to the directory here, 3.00-starting-project.
And then I see the Maven POM files here
and I'll just go ahead and open this directory.
Okay, excellent, so that's open.
Let's go ahead and take a look
at the pom.xml file first.
I'm going to expand my window here.
So this is kind of a standard Spring Boot project.
Moving down here to the dependencies,
we're going to use Thymeleaf for the views.
We have some web related dependencies that we pull in here.
We also make use of the Spring Boot starter test.
And later on, we'll actually make use
of the MySQL database.
So we have a reference for that here, Spring data JPA,
and also we'll make use of the H2 database
during our integration test.
And so we have that listed here too.
So that's kind of the basics there for this Maven file.
So it's a standard spring boot file,
just some small mods there for our dependencies.
Now, let's go ahead and look at some of our source code
and we'll start here with a controller code.
And I'll open up our GradebookController.
And at the moment it's just a very basic file.
Not much here.
We simply do a reference for the grade book
that we'll make use of.
And we have just two entries here for the request mapping.
So one to get students
and another one to get the details of a given student.
And then right now it's kind of just stubbed out.
There's no real functionality here.
We'll add that functionality
as we go through the series of videos.
Now, let's go ahead and move over to our models.
And what I'd like to do is start here
with the Grade interface.
So this interface has an ID, has the student ID,
and also has the actual grade.
And then we'll actually have implementations
of this interface, and so we'll have history grade.
So this is actually a Hibernate JPA entity
that we'll use to actually save this entity
into the database.
And so we have the appropriate annotations there
to map those fields to the given database columns.
And a similar thing here for math grade implements grade,
already has the Hibernate JPA annotations
and also similar thing here for science grade.
And then we also have this interface for a student.
And so this interface has a reference
for student information, and also full name.
And then we have college student, which implements student.
And so again, this is a JPA entity
that we can save into the database.
And we have the appropriate annotations here
for the given fields mapping those to columns.
And then we have this GradebookCollegeStudent
that extends college student.
So this guy extends college student.
And the reference here is that we have a reference
to a student grades.
Now, switching gears a bit, we have a grade book.
Now, remember the grade book has a list
of college students or GradebookCollegeStudents.
And then we also have student grades,
which has collections for our math grades,
our science grades, and also our history grades.
All righty, so that takes care of all the model files.
Now, let's move down to resources
and take a look at some of our Thymeleaf templates.
And we have our main page here, index dot HTML.
So that's the main page you see
when we start the application.
And you saw that a little bit earlier,
it basically just has a table for the students,
the actual grade book ID, the first name,
last name and the email.
And then we kind of loop through those items there.
At the moment for this example,
we simply have those values hard coded for Darby, Eric Roby,
and also just a random user, but we'll make this dynamic
as we go through the set of videos.
And then also here, we have information for a given student.
So that's in the studentinformation dot HTML file.
So it gives you the details.
So for a given student, there are a list of math grades
or math assignments, and a similar thing here
for science assignments and also history assignments.
And then at the moment, we just have this
kind of hard coded for now.
We'll make this all dynamic as we go through the videos.
We just have a basic error page here
in case we run into an error during the processing,
we'll simply tell the user, "Hey, something went wrong."
And then we have some supporting CSS and JavaScripts.
So CSS is just basically making a page look pretty, right?
So I'm not going to go into any details here on CSS,
but basically styles to help you control the look
and feel of the HTML.
And then we have JavaScript files here.
We have this one JavaScript file, main dot JS.
And in this file we have some code
for showing or hiding a grade.
So, remember when I went through the demo,
I could go through and select, say, Add Assignment.
I could click the button here
to add a new assignment or new grade.
So we would show a little section here.
The user could enter their information
and then we would hide it once that piece was done.
So basically that's the whole idea of this JavaScript here,
just showing and hiding divs based on a selection.
And again, this isn't a JavaScript course,
so don't worry about if you don't understand all this.
We kind of give you this basic work there for using it.
And then we just have some supporting functions here
for deleting a student, deleting grades,
math, science, and history,
and also viewing the actual student information.
And we'll have this hooked up to the Thymeleaf pages
to call the appropriate controller code.
And now taking a look at our application properties,
we'll run our application on server port 1500.
We can choose any number,
but I just chose 1500 just to be different.
And then we have our database credentials
as far as data source URL,
driver class name, and so forth.
At the moment, it's all commented out
because like I mentioned earlier,
we don't have any database support in place.
The previous employee didn't create it yet.
So they were almost there, but they didn't finish.
So we'll go ahead and just kind of grab the ball from here
and continue running.
So we'll start with adding information into an H2 database
and later on, we'll move over
to having the data stored in a MySQL database.
Now, let's go ahead and run the application as we have it.
So this is a different version of the app.
This is kind of like the incomplete version
of the application, not everything's there yet.
So once the application is up and running,
open up your web browser and go and visit localhost:1500.
And then you'll make it to our main homepage here.
So at the moment, all this data's just hard coded,
no real database interaction right now,
everything is just hard coded.
We'll actually add functionality in the future.
And if we wanted to get a detail,
well, we can kind of just play around with it for a bit
and just say student information slash one.
And again, this is all hard coded.
It'll give us back some grades for the student Eric Roby.
And again, this is all kind of mocked up
hard coded right now.
We'll actually go through it and write the code
to make it dynamic, talking to a database,
getting information back for a specific person, okay.
So if we tried to add grades and assignments right now,
it doesn't work because this functionality
is kind of incomplete right now.
But hey, no worry, that's for us.
That's our job, that's our task,
if we choose to accept it,
we're going to add some real database functionality
to this application, and we're going to add unit testing
and integration testing during the whole process.
So this is going to be great, so I'm excited.
So I will see you in the next video.